Fix deprecation policy link in `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#11276)
Qiskit/qiskit: CONTRIBUTING.md

   self.assertEqual(result, <expected>)
```

> `test_method1_deprecated` can be removed after `Obj.method1` is removed (following the [Qiskit Deprecation Policy](https://qiskit.org/documentation/deprecation_policy.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`test_method1_deprecated` can be removed after `Obj.method1` is removed (following the [Qiskit Deprecation Policy](./DEPRECATION.md)).
```
